Copyright 2021 Amazon.com, Inc., Ring, LLC and/or their affiliates, referred to herein collectively as "Amazon". All
Rights Reserved.

These materials are licensed to you as "Program Materials" under the Program Materials License Agreement (the
"Agreement") in connection with the Amazon Sidewalk Program and related services. The Agreement is available at
developer.amazon.com. See the Agreement for the specific terms and conditions of the Agreement. Capitalized terms not
defined in this file have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

In addition to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the following terms and conditions ("Additional Terms" and
collectively with the Agreement, the "Terms") apply to these materials. In the event of a conflict between the terms and
conditions of the Agreement and these Additional Terms, these Additional Terms will apply.

You may only use the Program Materials to (a) evaluate, develop, test, and troubleshoot the operation and compatibility
of the Program Materials with Your Products; and (b) integrate the Program Materials into Your Products that access the
Sidewalk Service. If any of the Program Materials incorporated in Your Product were provided to you in source code form,
such Program Materials (and modifications thereof) may be distributed solely in binary form as incorporated in Your
Products. You may not distribute any of Your Products that incorporate or were developed using the Program Materials
unless you submit Your Product to us for approval and we specifically approve the distribution in writing.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a system-on-chip manufacturer, you may distribute the Program Materials,
including any source code (subject to the limitations herein) made available by Amazon, to device manufacturers for the
purpose of such device manufacturers integrating the Program Materials in their digital and physical products that
access the Sidewalk Service; provided that you also make available this LICENSE.TXT file to such device manufacturer
together with the Program Materials. For the purpose of the Terms, such Program Materials will be deemed to have been
made available to the device manufacturers from Amazon.

WITH THE EXCEPTION OF FILES IDENTIFIED AS A "MODIFIABLE FILE" WITHIN THE FILE HEADER, YOU MAY NOT MODIFY ANY SOURCE CODE
IN ANY FILE IN THIS PACKAGE. Your modifications to the Program Materials are “Modified Materials”. You may reproduce
and distribute copies of the Modified Materials thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in source or
object form, provided that you meet the following conditions:

* You must give any other recipients of the Modified Materials a copy of this License; and

* You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files; and

* You must retain, in the source form of any Modified Materials that you distribute, all copyright, patent,
trademark, and attribution notices from the source form of the Program Materials, excluding those notices that do not
pertain to any part of the Modified Materials; and

* If the Program Materials include a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Modified Materials
that you distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding
those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Modified Materials, in at least one of the following places: within
a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the Modified Materials; within the source form or documentation, if provided
along with the Modified Materials; or, within a display generated by the Modified Materials, if and wherever such
third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not
modify the License. You may add your own attribution notices within Modified Materials that you distribute, alongside or
as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Program Materials, provided that such additional attribution notices cannot
be construed as modifying this Agreement.

You may add your own copyright statement to your modifications and may provide additional or different license terms and
conditions for use, reproduction, or distribution of your modifications, or for any such Modified Materials as a whole,
provided your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Program Materials otherwise complies with the conditions stated
in this Agreement.

EXTERNAL DEPENDENCIES

=====================

These materials may include and/or be dependent upon certain third-party libraries or other software packages ("External
Dependencies").  If you do not agree with every term in the license file associated with the External Dependencies, you
should not use these materials.

THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED FOR CONVENIENCE ONLY. AMAZON DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE EXTERNAL DEPENDENCIES AND THEIR
APPLICABLE TERMS ARE COMPLETE, ACCURATE, OR UP-TO-DATE, AND AMAZON WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY OMISSIONS OR
INACCURACIES. YOU SHOULD CONSULT THE DOWNLOAD SITES FOR THE EXTERNAL DEPENDENCIES FOR THE MOST COMPLETE AND UP-TO-DATE
LICENSING INFORMATION.

YOUR USE OF THE EXTERNAL DEPENDENCIES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IN NO EVENT WILL AMAZON BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING FOR ANY LOSS
OF GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST PROFITS OR DATA, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION) ARISING FROM OR RELATING
TO THE EXTERNAL DEPENDENCIES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF AMAZON HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS APPLY EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY
APPLICABLE LAW.

If you do not agree to the Terms, you may not use any file in this package.
